Metric docs fix (#2209)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/metrics.rst

    tensor(0.7500)

> .. warning:: The metrics package is still in development, and is the moment limited 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The metrics package is still in development! If we're missing a metric or you find a mistake, please send a PR! 
```

.. autofunction:: pytorch_lightning.metrics.functional.to_onehot
    :noindex:

----------------

Sklearn interface
-----------------
    
Lightning supports `sklearns metrics module <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html#module-sklearn.metrics>`_ 
as a backend for calculating metrics. Sklearns metrics are well tested and robust, 
but requires conversion between pytorch and numpy thus may slow down your computations.

To use the sklearn backend of metrics simply import as

> Example::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: python
```

    
    import pytorch_lightning.metrics.sklearn import plm
    metric = plm.Accuracy(normalize=True)
    val = metric(pred, target)
    

> Each converted sklearn metric comes has the precise same call interface as its 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each converted sklearn metric comes has the same interface as its 
```

originally counterpart (e.g. accuracy takes the additional `normalize` keyword). 

> Like the native implemented metrics these converted sklearn metrics also comes 
> with build in distributed (ddp) support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the native Lightning metrics these converted sklearn metrics also come 
with built-in distributed (ddp) support.
```

> SklearnMetric (S)

Reviewer 2: rather Sk instead just S as it evokes static
